[Clockwork]
Collision and Skills Problem

There is a little confusion of how certain collisions are handled.
Examples of collsions with different behaviors:

Character -> Character
Basic collison. Wall effect. Character cannot push or shove the 
other character. Static. In cases where characters are running at
one another, both alternate being the receiver or the giver.
Character (Making Contact) = Material
Character (Receving Contact) = Material

Range Skill (Single Target, Skillshot) -> Character
If this skill makes contact with a character, there is no transformations.
The skill will procure its effects and die when it makes contact with the
first character it collides with.
Skill  = No Material
Character = Material

Range Skill (AoE Targets, Skillshot) -> Character(s)
This applies to traveling AoE's and Land Effects.
The life of this skill lasts until its timer expires.
During that time, all characters that stand or walk through the area
will be affected by skill.
Skill  = No Material
Character = Material

Range Skill (AoE Targets, Skillshot) -> Map Tile(s)
Similar to the above.
Effect timers on the tile will be constantly reset until the skill
expires. Behavior is subject to change.
Skill = No Material
Map Tile = Material

Normal Attack (AoE Targets, Centered from Source) -> Character(s)
Technically this counts as a skill. It will be derived from previous.
However, it will not have a velocity relative to its starting position.
Instead, its velocity will move with the source. <- Important

[Spell Component]
Marks a Spell Entity
Integer: ID of the Spell; ID of a 
Byte: Level of the Spell; Will be used to 
Byte: Flag for Spell Type: Offensive, Defensive, and Utility
Integer: Lifetime of the Spell
Integer: Elapsed Time since creation of Spell
 


Spell Results... and literally everything!
All of it will be handled by the collision system.

Spell and character collide?
Apply damage, or heal, and status effects.
Kill spell if single hit.
Persist if AoE or Penetrating.

Single Hit Spell and Block Spell?
Kill offending Spell.

Character and Character?
Bump.

Character and Map Item?
Kill Map Item and place in character inventory.